---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E3 Performing WODs Technical Essay
data: 2021-09-24
labels:
    - WODs
    - Learning
---


The web page I created this time is about a sales receipt for a sale that contains at least five different products. This sales receipt consists of HTML and Javascript.  Also, this invoice was calculated by using JavaScript.  For further details of this WOD/Invoice 1, please go to the following link: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/060.expressions-operators/experience-invoice1.html

Overall, it was challenging to work on WOD/Invoice1.  I tried this WOD three times.  In my first attempt, I covered DNF time without finishing all the tasks.  So I did the rest of the tasks along with the instruction video.  In my second attempt, I could complete all the tasks within Sd time. Still, I wasn’t satisfied with my attempt because there were so many stupid mistakes, such as mistyped, forgetting to value, and changing the variables name.  Then I moved on to the third attempt. I had stupid mistakes yet, but not more than the second attempt.  So, I finished it on the third attempt.   

I always read through the instructions first and look up what I do not know in the browser; however, in this WOD, it was slightly challenging to work on just by reading the instructions and looking up the unknown things.  So, I watched the instruction video in the first place to understand what I had to do first and I got some tips.  Overall, I did similar methods of working on this project to other WODs.  

I do not think there is anything special I would do differently for the next WOD to be better prepared, but I will try not to watch the instruction video before working on the WODs.  For that, I need to spend more time reviewing the readings to make sure I fully understand the keywords.  



