My programming skills have greatly improved in the following ways:
I believe my programming skills have significantly improved compared to the very beginning of the semester.  To be honest, I absolutely had no idea what HTML, JavaScript, CSS, and coding were.  I heard those terms for the first time in my life; however, I started to learn the role of those terms through WODs, Labs, and readings. Furthermore, it is sometimes hard to understand because English is not my first language.  So, I spent a lot of time watching the zoom recordings and looking them up on the browser.  I believe that experience is the most effective way to improve programming skills. 
I need to work on the following to improve my programming skills:
The programming skill that I need to work on to improve is the understanding of coding.  I tend to put the code from the example, so I have to try to borrow the code and understand the code I borrowed.  I can grasp what to change the code I borrowed by doing that.
I can do the WODs without looking at the screencast solutions first:
Although my programming skills have improved a lot, I disagree with this question because it is sometimes hard for me just by reading the instructions and doing WODs.
The labs have helped me to learn and I am able to complete them with confidence:
I agree with this question because, as I mentioned before, experiences are the most effective way to improve programming skills; the labs have helped me learn new things, but still, I cannot complete them with 100% confidence.  There is still something to go through again.
I feel ready I am ready to work on the next stage of complexity in programming (building small web applications like Assignment 1):
I feel I am ready to work on the next stage with 55% confidence.  So I am going to review labs and WODs again before starting Assignment 2.
I think the class can be improved to help my learning in the following ways:
More screencasts with examples would be helpful because watching the video is a lot easier to absorb the material than readings.  Also, I feel like it’s sometimes a bit hard to go along with the class because of the fast pace when we are behind in the labs.
These are things that work really well for my learning in this class:
I like how the professor goes over what we have done in the last lecture before moving on to the lesson.  Also, the zoom recordings are very helpful.
