---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E5 Reflecting on Assignment 2 Technical Essay
date: 2021-12-3
labels: 
    - Education
    - Learning 
---

**1. Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details.**

In assignment #2, we created a login and registration page which connects to the invoice page.  On the registration page, the customer can create their account, and the account they created is going to be stored on the user_data.json.  So, next time they visit my website, they just simply login into my online shopping and automatically move to the invoice page.  
Here is the [link](https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2.html) to the instruction. 

**2. What did you learn from this assignment?**

I learned that I should not copy and paste the codes in Assignment #1, it makes my code harder. So, in this assignment, I tried not just to copy and paste the code, but to understand the code( like what its code is doing and how it works) whenever I borrowed it.  I realized that how I did in assignment #1 made me annoyed.  I felt I got used to code compared to the time I was working on Assignment #1.

**3. Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).**

I worked on the assignment by myself.  

**4. How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?**

When I needed help, I got some tips from classmates and also asked the professor via email or on zoom.  Also, I googled it as always.

**5. How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?**

I felt assignment #2 was a lot harder than assignment #1 when I went through the instructions for the first time, but it actually was not.  I learned what I should do for programming from assignment#1.  Compared to my attempt in assignment #1, I guess I solved most of the problems I had on my own.

**6. Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging**

I would say that I spent 30% of my time thinking about how to do something, 60 % of the time writing code, and 10% testing.   

**7. Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?**

What worked well with this project was I was able to connect the page with no errors.  (such as order page to login page, login page to registration page) What did not work well was validation for both the login and registration pages.  I was stuck with those, so I asked the professor for help.    

**8. If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?**

I would probably start earlier because I completed assignment #2 kind of at the last minute.  