---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: E6 Evaluation Guidelines and Class Retrospective BLOG
date: 2021-12-16
labels: 
    - Education
    - Learning 
---


**1. Briefly describe your system (e.g. A store selling Pokemon game cards)**

A store selling Japanese products.

**2. Any notable shortcomings, bugs, problems, or additional features not implemented?**

Shortcoming that I could not implement was I was not able to make it like after the customer purchased the products, then it should remove the Javascript from memory. 

**3.Describe what you are most proud of about your system:**

Using session and cookies to save the user information.  It was kind of fun that I could make that system because its system is one of the things I used to use without unconsciousness in daily life. 

**4.Describe what you are least happy with your system:**

Even though it was not a good idea, I kept using copied codes and pasted them. I realized when I messed up my brain, I tended to do the action.

**5.How was developing this assignment different than assignment #2?**

This assignment was a lot harder compared to assignment 2. I struggled most of the time on this.  

**6.When you ran into a problem, what did you do to address it?**

I looked it up, asked the professor, and saw what classmates have.  I also used debug.

**7.Describe what worked well in doing this assignment?**

I was able to execute most of the codes that I planned.  

**8.Describe what did not work well in doing this assignment?**

I ran out of time, so I was not able to finish all.  I should have started working on this earlier.

**9.What did you learn from doing this assignment?**

Even if I don’t have confidence in writing codes, I should think of the code by myself rather than copying the codes, which I don’t know what its codes are going on.

**10.If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you change?**

I would manage my time better so I could submit this assignment on time.

**11.Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging**

(a) 40% (b) 40% (c) 20%

**12.Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself) and explain briefly your rationale for the percentage breakdown. Be sure to include an overview of what specifically you and your partners contributed (e.g. “I worked on the security and my partner 1 worked on personalization”)**
I worked on assignment 3 by myself.
